I've got all good memories really you know I was very lucky with I had a
really happy childhood I had good parents and other than that had a good
teenage years we used to go out a lot with friends and parties and cinema and
all the things young people did in those days
Were your friends mainly Jewish or missed you?
mostly because of the clubs you know I went to clubs and that's where I met but
I had my school friends as well who would always come to a party you know I don't
I don't remember everything social seemed to be amongst the Jewish community I have
to say in Jewish friends or we'll have a parties and everybody we had a field we
had a big garden the bottom of the garden it's all built over now it's we called
it the wimpy estate it's all built up all behind there we had a field and in the
field we had chickens and a couple of goats a couple of geese that used to
frighten the life out of us because they weren't very friendly and a horse which
was my sister was the horse rider she had a pony I should really say and she
absolutely loved it even though there's only 18 months between us when you're a
child a sister 18 months older than you doesn't you know doesn't want to know
you really so she was the one and her friend a lot of her friends had horses or
ponies and choose to take it to like pony club events but frightened the life
out of me I wasn't all sure I may have been daring in some things but of course
riding wasn't for me I wasn't jealous my father did a silly thing to me it was his
fault I didn't like it's a silly stories I don't know if you want silly stories but
he made me get on the horse and I got on and then he threw a stick at the horse so
the horse would run off with me sitting on it and that was it finished I wasn't
going to put me going on the horse again so it was his weird sense of humor I
reckon he didn't want to buy another horse so I don't know what made him do that he
must have thought it was funny
yes